Feature/oauth2 permission grant delta v1 (#8339)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/v1.0/api/oauth2permissiongrant-delta.md

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Directory.Read.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All, Directory.AccessAsUser.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|oauth2permissiongrant | Directory.Read.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /oauth2permissiongrants/delta
```

## Query parameters

Tracking changes incurs a round of one or more **delta** function calls. If you use any query parameter 
(other than `$deltatoken` and `$skiptoken`), you must specify 
it in the initial **delta** request. Microsoft Graph automatically encodes any specified parameters 
into the token portion of the `nextLink` or `deltaLink` URL provided in the response. 
You only need to specify query parameters once. 

> In subsequent requests, copy and apply the `nextLink` or `deltaLink` URL from the previous response. That URL already 

Author: ```suggestion
In subsequent requests, copy and apply the `nextLink` or `deltaLink` URL from the previous response. The URL 
```

> includes the encoded parameters.

Reviewer: The URL includes the encoded parameters.

| Query parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
| $deltatoken | string | A [state token](/graph/delta-query-overview) returned in the `deltaLink` URL of the previous **delta** function call for the same resource collection, indicating the completion of that round of change tracking. Save and apply the entire `deltaLink` URL, including this token, in the first request of the next round of change tracking for that collection.|
| $skiptoken | string | A [state token](/graph/delta-query-overview) returned in the `nextLink` URL of the previous **delta** function call, indicating that there are further changes to be tracked in the same resource collection. |

### Optional query parameters

This method supports OData query parameters to help customize the response.

> - You can use a `$select` query parameter to specify only the properties your need for best performance. The **id** property is always returned.

Reviewer: your should be you

Author: ```suggestion
- You can use a `$select` query parameter to specify only the properties you need for best performance. The **id** property is always returned.
```

> - You can use a `$select` query parameter similarly to any GET request to specify only the properties your need for best performance. The **id** property is always returned.

Reviewer: You can use the `$select` query parameter to specify only the properties that you need for best performance.

Author: ```suggestion
- You can use a `$select` query parameter to specify only the properties your need for best performance. The **id** property is always returned.
```

---
title: "oauth2permissiongrant: delta"
description: "Get newly created, updated, or deleted oauth2permissiongrants without performing a full read of the entire resource collection."
localization_priority: Normal
author: "psignoret"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# oauth2permissiongrant: delta

Namespace: microsoft.graph

> Get newly created, updated, or deleted **[oauth2permissiongrant](../resources/oauth2permissiongrant.md)** objects without performing a full read of the entire resource collection. For details, see [Using delta query](/graph/delta-query-overview).

Reviewer: No need to bold the link to the resource. Remove the asterisks.

Author: ```suggestion
Get newly created, updated, or deleted [oauth2permissiongrant](../resources/oauth2permissiongrant.md) objects without performing a full read of the entire resource collection. For details, see [Using delta query](/graph/delta-query-overview).
```

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Directory.Read.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All, Directory.AccessAsUser.All    |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|oauth2permissiongrant | Directory.Read.All, Directory.ReadWrite.All |

## HTTP request

> To begin tracking changes, you make a request including the delta function on the **oauth2permissiongrant** resource.

Reviewer: This sentence isn't needed.

Author: ```suggestion
```

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /oauth2permissiongrants/delta
```

## Query parameters

Tracking changes incurs a round of one or more **delta** function calls. If you use any query parameter 
(other than `$deltatoken` and `$skiptoken`), you must specify 
it in the initial **delta** request. Microsoft Graph automatically encodes any specified parameters 
into the token portion of the `nextLink` or `deltaLink` URL provided in the response. 

> You only need to specify any query parameters once up front. 

Reviewer: You only specify query parameters once.

Author: ```suggestion
You only need to specify query parameters once. 
```

In subsequent requests, copy and apply the `nextLink` or `deltaLink` URL from the previous response. That URL already 
includes the encoded parameters.

| Query parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
| $deltatoken | string | A [state token](/graph/delta-query-overview) returned in the `deltaLink` URL of the previous **delta** function call for the same resource collection, indicating the completion of that round of change tracking. Save and apply the entire `deltaLink` URL, including this token, in the first request of the next round of change tracking for that collection.|
| $skiptoken | string | A [state token](/graph/delta-query-overview) returned in the `nextLink` URL of the previous **delta** function call, indicating that there are further changes to be tracked in the same resource collection. |

### Optional query parameters

This method supports OData query parameters to help customize the response.

> - You can use a `$select` query parameter as in any GET request to specify only the properties your need for best performance. The **id** property is always returned.

Reviewer: You can use the `$select` query parameter in a GET request to specify only the properties that you need for best performance. The **id** property is always returned.

Author: ```suggestion
- You can use a `$select` query parameter similarly to any GET request to specify only the properties your need for best performance. The **id** property is always returned.
```

> - There is limited support for `$filter`:

Reviewer: This line of text isn't needed.

Author: ```suggestion
```

>   * The only supported `$filter` expression is for tracking changes for specific resources, by their ID:  `$filter=id+eq+{value}` or `$filter=id+eq+{value1}+or+id+eq+{value2}`. The number of IDs you can specify is limited by the maximum URL length.

Reviewer: The `$filter` query parameter can only be used to track changes on specific resources by using the resource ID. For example,  `$filter=id+eq+{value}` or `$filter=id+eq+{value1}+or+id+eq+{value2}`.

Author: ```suggestion
- The `$filter` query parameter can only be used to track changes on specific resources by using the resource ID. For example, `$filter=id+eq+{value}` or `$filter=id+eq+{value1}+or+id+eq+{value2}`.
```

## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|

> | Authorization  | Bearer &lt;token&gt;. Required.|

Reviewer: Bearer {token}

Author: ```suggestion
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required.|
```

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and an [oauth2permissiongrant](../resources/oauth2permissiongrant.md) collection object in the response body. The response also includes a `nextLink` URL or a `deltaLink` URL.

> - If a `nextLink` URL is returned, there are additional pages of data to be retrieved in the session. The **oauth2permissiongrant** continues making requests using the `nextLink` URL until a `deltaLink` URL is included in the response.

Reviewer: If a `nextLink` URL is returned, additional pages of data can be retrieved in the session.

Author: ```suggestion
- If a `nextLink` URL is returned, additional pages of data can be retrieved in the session. The **oauth2permissiongrant** continues making requests using the `nextLink` URL until a `deltaLink` URL is included in the response.
```

> - If a `deltaLink` URL is returned, there is no more data about the existing state of the resource to be returned. Persist and use the `deltaLink` URL to learn about changes to the resource in the future.

Reviewer: If a `deltaLink` URL is returned, no more data about the resource is returned.

Author: ```suggestion
- If a `deltaLink` URL is returned, no more data about the resource is returned. Persist and use the `deltaLink` URL to learn about changes to the resource in the future.
```

---
title: "oauth2permissiongrant: delta"
description: "Get newly created, updated, or deleted oauth2permissiongrants without performing a full read of the entire resource collection."
localization_priority: Normal
author: "psignoret"
ms.prod: "microsoft-identity-platform"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# oauth2permissiongrant: delta

Namespace: microsoft.graph

> Get newly created, updated, or deleted **oauth2permissiongrant** objects without performing a full read of the entire resource collection. For details, see [Using delta query](/graph/delta-query-overview).

Reviewer 2: Could we link to the entity doc here?

Author: ```suggestion
Get newly created, updated, or deleted **[oauth2permissiongrant](../resources/oauth2permissiongrant.md)** objects without performing a full read of the entire resource collection. For details, see [Using delta query](/graph/delta-query-overview).
```

For details, see [Using delta query](/graph/delta-query-overview). For example requests, see [Get incremental changes for users](/graph/delta-query-users).

## Example
### Request

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "oauth2permissiongrant_delta"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/oauth2permissiongrants/delta
```

### Response
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability. All the properties will be returned from an actual call.
<!-- { 
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.oAuth2PermissionGrant",
  "isCollection": true 
} --> 
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "@odata.context":"https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/$metadata#oauth2permissiongrants",
  "@odata.nextLink":"https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/oauth2permissiongrants/delta?$skiptoken=pqwSUjGYvb3jQpbwVAwEL7yuI3dU1LecfkkfLPtnIjsXoYQp_dpA3cNJWc",
  "value": [
    {
      "clientId": "22a3c970-8ad4-4120-8127-300837f87f2c",
      "consentType": "Principal",

>       "expiryTime": "2017-08-13T21:41:23.3929007Z",

Reviewer 2: `startTime` and `expiryTime` aren't in v1.0

Author: fixed

>       "expiryTime": "2017-08-13T21:41:23.3929007Z",

Author: ```suggestion
```

      "principalId": "c2e8df37-c6a7-4d88-89b1-feb4f1fda7c5",
      "resourceId": "98dc9d95-49b6-405a-b3c0-834e969a708b",
      "scope": "User.Read Directory.AccessAsUser.All",

>       "startTime": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",

Author: ```suggestion
```
